README.md, before:

# 30+ React Projects

## Project 01: E-Signature App

This project seeks to create a simple signature application that is going to record one's name and the date or vice versa depending on which order you're writing them in.

In this project, we are going to use _useState_ which is a React Hook and we are also going to do some inline styles, styles as variables, and how we can use functions in JSX.

## Project 02: Randomizer Color App

Welcome to the color randomizer application. In this application, you will learn how to create and use a couple of buttons. Also, you will learn how to use the _Math_ function in React and how to hook up buttons with callback functions that when triggered, will randomize different colors.

It will also randomize different the background color and the title color.

## Project 03: Like My Photo App

In this project you will learn how to use clicks and double clicks and also how to integrate react icons into applications. We will also learn how to use the _useState_ hook to keep a record of the number of likes a photo has received.

## Project 04: Testimonials App

In this project, you will learn how to use _useEffect_ hook which is going to allow you to get API requests or fetch requests from a mock server.

We will use a JSON placeholder server as our source of data. We will fetch some posts and put them in a card. We will also fetch some users with their email addresses as well as their comments depending on their ID and email address.

We will also create new components (buttons) allowing us to insert text and icons in the component as well as have its own click event in each of them.

Lastly, we will employ _useState_ hook to manage the state of the component.

## Project 05: Alerts App

In this project, you will learn how to create alerts through an alert component.

There will be three (3) alerts one of which will disappear after a delay of approximately 3 seconds.

You will also be able to click on an alert and it disappears completely. They will also disappear all at once after a delay.

We will employ _useState_ and _useEffect_ hooks to manage the state of the component.

## Project 06: Temperature Controller App

In this project, you will create a small temperature monitor that will contain a plus (+) and a minus (-) button which will be used to increase and decrease the temperature respectively.

As temperature changes, the background of the monitor will be changed accordingly; red to signify that temperature has increased and blue to signify that temperature has decreased.

## Project 07: Dark Mode App

In this project, you will go to the dark side and then to the light side. You will create a dark and light theme for your web pages. Basically, on the push of a button, the page will turn dark and light when the button is re-clicked.

You will employ the hook _useContext_ together with the context provider

## Project 08: Lockscreen App

In this project, you will create a lock screen page. You will employ the use of a slider that when utilized, will unlock the lock screen, and to lock the screen, a lock button can be clicked.

You will use hooks like _useState, \_useEffect_, and the React Icons package.

## Project 09: Slider App

In this project, you will create a slider that when slid, causes a tiny circle to grow concurrently into a big circle. As it grows, the color of the text and background of the circle will also change.

The most important lesson to be learned is passing down props. You will use hooks like _useState_

## Project 10: Hidden Search Bar App

You will create a hidden search bar which will be activated by a little loop icon. As soon as it is clicked, the search bar will appear, and also the screen will darken. If you click somewhere else, the app is going to defocus and the search bar will disappear.

There will also be an automatic focus on the input of the search bar. You will use hooks like _useState, \_useEffect_, and for the very first time _useRef_ hook as well as the React Icons package.

## Project 11: Magic Popup App

You will create a popup component that will be utilized differently in the application. One will be a timeout popup i.e., it will be triggered after a specified amount of time, and it is going to block the entire page preventing the user from interacting with any other components of the page.

There, of course, will be a button on the page that when clicked will trigger another popup - the second popup. However, both popups will draw from the main popup component.

## Project 12: Progress Tracker App

You will basically create a project status tracker by creating a couple of progress bars. You will create a progress bar component and utilize several important hooks like _useState_, _useEffect_, _useRef_, and a couple of methods like _map_ and _math_.

You will provide three input fields when the level of progress is inputted, the progress bar responsible for the specific field will move automatically to reflect the current values. The same functionality will be carried over to the other progress bars in the project.

You will also include a randomly generated status for the bottom progress bar.

## Project 13: Dialog Box App

You will create a dialog box that will prompt the user to subscribe as soon as the page loads; the user can also unsubscribe as soon as they subscribe. When they click on unsubscribe another dialog box will appear.

You will employ the use of _React Icons, \_useState_, and _useEffect_.

You will create a game in that when the launch button is clicked, the rocket from Earth will launch into space to the moon and it will slowly disappear. When the land button is clicked, instead of a rocket landing from the moon, a penguin will be landed instead on Earth.

Commit message:

docs(README.md): Describe Project 14 - Filter Contacts App

README.md, after:

# 30+ React Projects

## Project 01: E-Signature App

This project seeks to create a simple signature application that is going to record one's name and the date or vice versa depending on which order you're writing them in.

In this project, we are going to use _useState_ which is a React Hook and we are also going to do some inline styles, styles as variables, and how we can use functions in JSX.

## Project 02: Randomizer Color App

Welcome to the color randomizer application. In this application, you will learn how to create and use a couple of buttons. Also, you will learn how to use the _Math_ function in React and how to hook up buttons with callback functions that when triggered, will randomize different colors.

It will also randomize different the background color and the title color.

## Project 03: Like My Photo App

In this project you will learn how to use clicks and double clicks and also how to integrate react icons into applications. We will also learn how to use the _useState_ hook to keep a record of the number of likes a photo has received.

## Project 04: Testimonials App

In this project, you will learn how to use _useEffect_ hook which is going to allow you to get API requests or fetch requests from a mock server.

We will use a JSON placeholder server as our source of data. We will fetch some posts and put them in a card. We will also fetch some users with their email addresses as well as their comments depending on their ID and email address.

We will also create new components (buttons) allowing us to insert text and icons in the component as well as have its own click event in each of them.

Lastly, we will employ _useState_ hook to manage the state of the component.

## Project 05: Alerts App

In this project, you will learn how to create alerts through an alert component.

There will be three (3) alerts one of which will disappear after a delay of approximately 3 seconds.

You will also be able to click on an alert and it disappears completely. They will also disappear all at once after a delay.

We will employ _useState_ and _useEffect_ hooks to manage the state of the component.

## Project 06: Temperature Controller App

In this project, you will create a small temperature monitor that will contain a plus (+) and a minus (-) button which will be used to increase and decrease the temperature respectively.

As temperature changes, the background of the monitor will be changed accordingly; red to signify that temperature has increased and blue to signify that temperature has decreased.

## Project 07: Dark Mode App

In this project, you will go to the dark side and then to the light side. You will create a dark and light theme for your web pages. Basically, on the push of a button, the page will turn dark and light when the button is re-clicked.

You will employ the hook _useContext_ together with the context provider

## Project 08: Lockscreen App

In this project, you will create a lock screen page. You will employ the use of a slider that when utilized, will unlock the lock screen, and to lock the screen, a lock button can be clicked.

You will use hooks like _useState, \_useEffect_, and the React Icons package.

## Project 09: Slider App

In this project, you will create a slider that when slid, causes a tiny circle to grow concurrently into a big circle. As it grows, the color of the text and background of the circle will also change.

The most important lesson to be learned is passing down props. You will use hooks like _useState_

## Project 10: Hidden Search Bar App

You will create a hidden search bar which will be activated by a little loop icon. As soon as it is clicked, the search bar will appear, and also the screen will darken. If you click somewhere else, the app is going to defocus and the search bar will disappear.

There will also be an automatic focus on the input of the search bar. You will use hooks like _useState, \_useEffect_, and for the very first time _useRef_ hook as well as the React Icons package.

## Project 11: Magic Popup App

You will create a popup component that will be utilized differently in the application. One will be a timeout popup i.e., it will be triggered after a specified amount of time, and it is going to block the entire page preventing the user from interacting with any other components of the page.

There, of course, will be a button on the page that when clicked will trigger another popup - the second popup. However, both popups will draw from the main popup component.

## Project 12: Progress Tracker App

You will basically create a project status tracker by creating a couple of progress bars. You will create a progress bar component and utilize several important hooks like _useState_, _useEffect_, _useRef_, and a couple of methods like _map_ and _math_.

You will provide three input fields when the level of progress is inputted, the progress bar responsible for the specific field will move automatically to reflect the current values. The same functionality will be carried over to the other progress bars in the project.

You will also include a randomly generated status for the bottom progress bar.

## Project 13: Dialog Box App

You will create a dialog box that will prompt the user to subscribe as soon as the page loads; the user can also unsubscribe as soon as they subscribe. When they click on unsubscribe another dialog box will appear.

You will employ the use of _React Icons, \_useState_, and _useEffect_.

## Project 14: Filter Contacts App

You will create a contact application which will also be searchable. The user will be able to filter contacts through their first name. You will employ the following hooks: _useState_, _useEffect_, _useRef_.

You will also learn how to import data from a JSON file and then export it to your UI.
